---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fastly_service_vcl Resource - terraform-provider-fastly-framework"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Fastly Service, representing the configuration for a website, app, API, or anything else to be served through Fastly. A Service encompasses Domains and Backends.
  The Service resource requires a domain name configured to direct traffic to the Fastly service. See Fastly's guide on Adding CNAME Records https://docs.fastly.com/en/guides/adding-cname-records on their documentation site for guidance.
---

# fastly_service_vcl (Resource)

Provides a Fastly Service, representing the configuration for a website, app, API, or anything else to be served through Fastly. A Service encompasses Domains and Backends.

The Service resource requires a domain name configured to direct traffic to the Fastly service. See Fastly's guide on [Adding CNAME Records](https://docs.fastly.com/en/guides/adding-cname-records) on their documentation site for guidance.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domains` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domains))
- `name` (String) The unique name for the service to create

### Optional

- `activate` (Boolean) Conditionally prevents the Service from being activated. The apply step will continue to create a new draft version but will not activate it if this is set to `false`. Default `true`
- `comment` (String) Description field for the service. Default `Managed by Terraform`
- `default_host` (String) The default hostname
- `default_ttl` (Number) The default Time-to-live (TTL) for requests
- `force` (Boolean) Services that are active cannot be destroyed. In order to destroy the service, set `force_destroy` to `true`. Default `false`
- `reuse` (Boolean) Services that are active cannot be destroyed. If set to `true` a service Terraform intends to destroy will instead be deactivated (allowing it to be reused by importing it into another Terraform project). If `false`, attempting to destroy an active service will cause an error. Default `false`
- `stale_if_error` (Boolean) Enables serving a stale object if there is an error
- `stale_if_error_ttl` (Number) The default time-to-live (TTL) for serving the stale object for the version

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Alphanumeric string identifying the service
- `last_active` (Number) The last 'active' service version (typically in-sync with `version` but not if `activate` is `false`)
- `version` (Number) The latest version that the provider will clone from (typically in-sync with `last_active` but not if `activate` is `false`)

<a id="nestedatt--domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domains`

Required:

- `name` (String) The domain that this service will respond to. It is important to note that changing this attribute will delete and recreate the resource

Optional:

- `comment` (String) An optional comment about the domain

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier used by the provider to determine changes within a nested set type


